how would you like to add a little magic
to your personalized printing business
turn the everyday into extraordinary
a difficult project in a source of
Benefits
something normal in something personal
once you know the secret actually
it's very simple some call it magic
we call it the excellent
printing technology I saw that
incorporates the new one to see health and the 20
the cabbage I saw presents a combination
Exclusive dry rain ink advanced
with a safety and low led lamp
heat emission and thanks to which
it can be printed on practically
Any material up to 10
centimeters thick with an excellent
print quality can be printed
directly on acrylic materials
wood
charlton
canvas
plastic
metal and even on soft materials
Like leather and cloth, ink can be added
white as the base color or
increase the passes so that
colors stand out on materials
dark or transparent ink
colubi varnishes adds a remarkable and
special intensity to 3d textures and
to custom embossed effects
and the best thing of all is that the cabbage juve
allows you to print a single object or
make a short run without need
of performing costly and prolonged
configurations with the presentation of
our new model less 20 we have
innovated even more our award-winning
first to be technology to offer some
remarkable improvements first of all we have
expanded the size of the table now the
Printing area reaches up to 50 x 33
centimeters this in addition to allow
print directly on objects of
larger size
It also increases productivity when
is printed on small objects like
golf balls pens and covers for
second mobile we have employed
The most advanced technology for
redefine the design of the hub lamp and
the ink tubes and the system
extraction of vapors and the lec 20 is
fully compatible with materials
magnetic can also be created up to
20 different presets with the
configuration of law 20 with what
will save valuable time in the
different jobs you do with
most often defects
achieved with the varnish ink of the
rain cabbage have always been
impressive but some users we
had commented that I wish they were a
little faster so that law 20
presents a new mobile design of the
rain lamp that doubles the speed
of printing both the varnish ink
as of the acm and here all these changes
they make the lec 20 faster
reliable and safe
the results are so incredible that
your customers will think it's magic and that
it's okay your secret is safe with
we